 Title: Electric power generation [electronic resource] : the changing dimensions
[A Your Books, More Books title]
Author: D. M. Tagare
Description: Electricity History : A Review and the Road Ahead -- Risks, Operation, and Maintenance of Hydroelectric Generators -- Hydroelectric Generation : Pumped Storage, Minor Hydroelectric, and Oceanic-Based Systems -- Thermal Power Generation-Steam Generators -- Thermal Station Power Engineering -- Environmental Constraints in Thermal Power Generation-Acid Rain -- Environmental Constraints in Thermal Power Generation-Carbon and the Kyoto Proposals -- Nuclear Power Generation -- Wind Power Generation -- Photovoltaic Energy-Solar Cells and Solar Power Systems -- Direct Conversion into Electricity-Fuel Cells -- Hybrid Systems -- Combined Generation-Cogeneration -- Distributed Generation (DG) and Distributed Resources (DR) -- Interconnecting Distributed Resources with Electric Power Systems -- Energy Storage-Power Storage Super Capacitors -- Hydrogen Era -- Basic Structure of Power Marketing -- Looking into the Future.
"This book offers an analytical overview of established electric generation processes, along with the present status & improvements for meeting the strains of reconstruction. These old methods are hydro-electric, thermal & nuclear power production. The book covers climatic constraints; their affects and how they are shaping thermal production. The book also covers the main renewable energy sources, wind and PV cells and the hybrids arising out of these. It covers distributed generation which already has a large presence is now being joined by wind & PV energies. It covers their accommodation in the present system. It introduces energy stores for electricity; when they burst upon the scene in full strength are expected to revolutionize electricity production. In all the subjects covered, there are references to power marketing & how it is shaping production. There will also be a reference chapter on how the power market works"--Provided by publisher.
Subjects: Electric power production
Related Titles: Series: IEEE Press series on power engineering.
Publisher: Place of publication not identified : IEEE ; Hoboken : Wiley
Publication date: ©2011
Identifier: ISBN 9780470872659 (electronic bk.);ISBN 0470872659 (electronic bk.);ISBN 9780470872666 (electronic bk.);ISBN 0470872667;ISBN 9780470600283;ISBN 0470600284
Format: 1 online resource (xxix, 374 pages).
Language: English
Snippet: Systems -- Thermal Power Generation-Steam Generators -- Thermal Station Power Engineering -- Environmental Constraints in Thermal Power Generation-Acid Rain -- Environmental Constraints in Thermal... -- Energy Storage-Power Storage Super Capacitors -- Hydrogen Era -- Basic Structure of Power Marketing -- Looking into the Future.... Cells -- Hybrid Systems -- Combined Generation-Cogeneration -- Distributed Generation (DG) and Distributed Resources (DR) -- Interconnecting Distributed Resources with Electric Power Systems... hydro-electric, thermal & nuclear power production. The book covers climatic constraints; their affects and how they are shaping thermal production. The book also covers the main renewable energy... , there are references to power marketing & how it is shaping production. There will also be a reference chapter on how the power market works"--Provided by publisher.... Power Generation-Carbon and the Kyoto Proposals -- Nuclear Power Generation -- Wind Power Generation -- Photovoltaic Energy-Solar Cells and Solar Power Systems -- Direct Conversion into Electricity-Fuel
Source: Aleph
Collation: 000788012
Electronic Local Note: This eBook is part of the Wiley UBCM collection - but not yet purchased